(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
♪ Going down the rabbit hole
♪ Where we're going no one knows
♪ Obstacles 'round every bend
♪ Let's see where the tunnel ends ♪
(YAWNS)
Time for a little breakfast.
BIGFOOT: Excuse me, miss?
Where are you, Bigfoot?
-Hi, lady!
-I'm not a lady.
I was wondering if you would
mind getting one of those
apples for me.
Here, you can have this one.
Actually, I wanted that one
up there.
Why don't you get it?
Your arms are
10 times longer than mine.
The leaves kind of
creep me out.
You know, they are so
green and veiny.
(EXCLAIMS)
That one almost touched me!
(SIGHS)
-Fine.
-Here, I'll hold
your purse for you.
It's not a purse,
it's a satchel.
Whatever you say, lady.
Now, listen,
once I give you this apple,
you got to promise
to leave me...
Alone.
Bigfoot!
I tried to help you out
and you steal my satchel?
All you do is take, take...
Oh, thanks for the apple.
I was just
keeping an eye on it.
There's a bunch of white guys
that wanted to steal it.
They're right over there.
HASMAT: Locate the target. Capture the sasquatch.
Sweep the entire area.
Ah, no, no, no, no, no.
They're not after me,
they're after you.
-Your purse?
-It's not a purse.
It's a satchel.
Oh, forget it.
I'm out of here.
Bye, lady.
(GUN FIRING)
HASMAT 1: That's what I'm gonna do to that bigfoot.
HASMAT 2: Oh, yeah? Well, check this out.
(GUN FIRING)
That's what I'm talking about.
(GROANS)
I'm gonna regret this.
Bigfoot, where are you?
We gotta get you out of here.
Lady, I knew you'd come back.
HASMAT: Hold it right there!
Well, looks like sasquatch got himself a girlfriend.
I'm not his girlfriend.
-Sounds complicated. Let's take 'em both in.
-(GUN FIRING)
Mmm...
And another thing... (GRUNTS)
HASMAT: We finally caught him
and with quite the fancy purse, too.
(DOOR OPENING)
Hey, where's my lady friend?
Your girlfriend left you.
-Left me what?-No! She left you.
I doubt it.
(AIR HISSING)
Say goodnight, sasquatch.
(LAUGHING)
You know, I never noticed it before, but,
you're a dead ringer for Robert Downey, Jr.
HASMAT 2: (LAUGHING)Yeah, I get that and Harriet Tubman a lot.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
HASMAT: I like cats!
-Lady!
-(WHISPERING) Keep it down.
We gotta get you out of here.
What we need is a set of keys
to set you free.
Maybe in that cabinet
over there.
Let's see.
-(CABINET DOOR CREAKING)
-BUGS: No, don't see 'em.
You should check
their lab coats.
-Good idea. A-ha!
-(JANGLING)
Huh? Why didn't you say...
Oh, never mind.
Now, how do we
get out of here?
I got this.
-(ALARMS GOING OFF)
-(SCREAMS)
No, are you out of your mind?
Look at these.
These are highly trained
government officials.
We gotta bring our A-game.
Hmm...
Don't, don't touch it!
Here. Put these on.
HASMAT: Hey, Sheryl. Hey, Jermain.
BUGS: (IN A FEMALE VOICE)Hey. How's it going?
-HASMAT: Hey, Sheryl.
-BUGS:  Hey! Joey, Gerry, and Steve.
BUGS:Come on, come on, come on! Open! Open!
HASMAT: Hey, Sheryl, hey, Jermain.
I know, those things are always sticking.
Use my key card.
Ah, Sheryl, about what happened at bowling last week...
BUGS: Don't worry about it.
What happened
at bowling last week?
BUGS: I said, don't worry about it.
HASMAT 2: Oh, nice work. You found bigfoot, huh?
HASMAT: I'm just hanging with Sheryl and Jermain.
HASMAT 2: That's not Jermain. Look at him!
Jermain has hazel eyes and top stitching on his uniform.
And this is his girlfriend!
You see? Now, get them!
-(ALARMS GOING OFF)
-(SCREAMING)
(GUNS FIRING)
Now, what do we do?
How are we supposed to
get down?
(MEN APPROACHING)
What are you doing
with my purse?
It's not a purse,
it's a satchel.
It's not very comfortable.
Bigfoot, you're a genius.
(GUNS FIRING)
HASMAT: Did they just jump?
(BIGFOOT EXCLAIMS)
Are you guys thinking what I'm thinking?
That is one versatile purse.
Phil, you have an anniversary coming up, right?
(LAUGHS) Done!
(GUNS FIRING)
We did it.
(STOMACH GROWLING)
Man, after all that,
I never did get my breakfast.
Here, have this.
Ew, Bigfoot,
where were you
keeping this apple?
In my armpit.
(SPITTING)
-(BIRDS CAWING)
-(SHUTTER CLICKING)
I have never seen you
so relaxed and happy before.
Going on this vacation is just
what the doctor ordered, huh?
Well, Mr. Happy,
I'm gonna grab us
some drinks
and get this week
started off right.
Be right back, Grimmy.
Tahiti, at last!
GRIM'S WIFE: Carl!
What did I tell you about
working on this vacation?
Give me that sickle,
right now.
What is this?
I am shocked!
Just the other day you said,
(IN A MALE VOICE)
"We need to get away.
"I've got to get away
from this job."
And now, here you are,
working behind my back!
You are not to harm a hair
on that rabbit's head.
Not this week.
No, no, no, no, no.
I don't want to
hear it, Carl,
you've done enough talking.
I'm going back to put this
in the hotel room,
and when I come back,
no more smiting!
Not a good move, Carl.
(YELPING)
-GRIM'S WIFE: Carl!
-(GRUNTS)
Oh, so you guys are
gonna play some croquet?
What a lovely idea.
Ooh, okay. You boys play nice.
(BEEPING)
(GROWLS)
Oh, I forgot to mention,
I'm going to take
a water aerobics class,
dolphin training,
and a course
on island etiquette.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Don't forget,
we have a couple's
massage later!
Uh-huh.
(MUFFLED SCREAMING)
It looks like you could
really use that massage.
Oh, boy! These activities
are dangerous.
BUGS: Volcanoes,
crocodile, parasailing.
Wow!
GRIM: I like carrots, they are orange. What's up, lava?
(LAUGHING)
Hi! Nice doggie.
(YELLING)
(HUMMING) I love parasailing.
Oops, line doesn't work.
(LAUGHING)
Oh, wow!
A sacrificial altar.
So, I guess you stand here,
pull that lever and...
(MIMICS BUBBLING)
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING LOUDLY)
Guess it was just for show.
(SCREAMING)
(LAVA BUBBLING)
(GRUNTING)
What's up, doc?
Oh, I love parasailing!
Are you joing me
for this one, too?
(GRUNTING)
Aw, you don't like heights.
That's okay.
I have an abnormal fear
of beavers.
May I join you, Bugsy?
Sure thing, Sheryl.
(MOTOR RUNNING)
(CHUCKLES) I can see
the whole island from here.
(GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
(YELPING)
Grimmy! You saved us!
Oh, you are amazing!
He's more than that,
he's a hero.
I am Buni Bugsi!
Buni Bugsi?
Buni Bugsi.
I am the protector
of this island.
(VOCALIZING)
And what I saw here today,
not only reflects
good character,
but also the type of patrons
I want at my resort.
A free month on me,
with unlimited access
to our shark tanks
and other amenities!
The three of you
can stay together
at the Crocodile penthouse
on the house.
To relaxing with friends.
(PEOPLE CHEERING)
-Well, we'd love to stay
another month!
-(GRUNTS)
Yay!
Another month with friends!
(SHUDDERING)
Carl, you're trembling.
He's so happy.
Are you crying, Carl?
-(SOBBING)
-Oh, Carl.
♪ Going down the rabbit hole
♪ Where we're going no one knows
♪ Obstacles 'round every bend
♪ Let's see where the tunnel ends ♪